=== Chiliproject Trombinoscope plugin 0.0.1

This is a Trombinoscope plugin for Chiliproject.
ONLY compatible with Chiliproject 3.X NOT compatible with Chiliproject 2.X


== Getting the plugin

The newest version is always at {GitHub}[http://github.com/kwanko/chiliproject_trombinoscope].

=== Feature

1. Chliproject administrator can let another user manage trombinoscope.
2. Display all active users for all projects or for a current project.
3. Allowed users to add secondary picture.
4. Trombinoscope picture replace user's avatar when the option "display avatar" is enabled.


=== Note

All photos are automatically resized to H = 110 and W = 95. For an optimal view you can resize the photos before uploading.

=== Plugin installation

1. Copy the plugin directory(chiliproject_trombinoscope) into the vendor/plugins or vendor/chiliproject_plugins directory
   NOTE: The plugin directory must be chiliproject_trombinoscope!

2. Migrate plugin:
   rake db:migrate:plugin NAME=chiliproject_trombinoscope RAILS_ENV=production

3. Start Chiliproject

Installed plugins are listed on 'Admin -> Plugins' screen.

4. Display trombinoscope
   More > Trombinoscope : For all users
   SideBarMenu > Trombinoscope : For project's users

=== Changelog

0.0.1 -> First commit.

=== Credits

All the Chiliproject core.
To Borjam from dagi3d for paperclip-facecrop gem


=== Contact info

Email    -> arnauld.nyaku@gmail.com

=== Licence

The code is released under the GPLv2: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.html